1. What conclusion can you reach about the responses to this question?
	1. Mostly everyone mentioned being ready by having computer charged 	and materials ready.
	2. The results were tied half of the class does have a second monitor 	the other half doesn't.
	3. The results were tied half have external mouse/keyboards and the 	other half doesn't.
	4. 70% of the class is taking notes with pen and paper.
	5. The answers were pretty much different from each other. 
2. Is the default summary or visualization helpful? How could it be improved?
	Yes the pie chart with the numbers made it easy to look at. The 	default summary was difficult to read due to the different responses. 	I would recommend maybe only having one type in answer. 
3. For questions with an “Other” option, where can you find the actual text of those responses? Do you notice anything that might be tricky about analyzing these? 
For the responses of the other option you have to click on details. Then you're able to review all the answers. It can be tricky because you have to look at each response. 

4. For questions calling for a written response, what challenges do you notice about
finding trends or patterns in the answers provided?
It was a challenge to find repeating patterns. Everyone response were different and having to remember what answers were given.

5. Now that you can see the responses, how might you recommend rephrasing this or question or the response options in a future survey?
I recommended only giving the option of yes or no and not adding the other option. 

6. Is there anything that surprised you about the survey responses?
	No, everyone basically everyone was on the same page.

7. are there any ideas you might try to include in your morning routine, or any questions that you are also curious about?
I will try to eat breakfast before class. Another question would be what's an example of the capstone?

8. Is there anything you can learn from this survey to help in how you approach teaching this class? Is the default summary or visualization helpful? How could it be improved
I would provide study guides to help prepare the class.

9. Do you think it was helpful or not helpful to make this survey anonymous? Why or why not?
No, because everyone had different responses. If you wanted to know about a specific student it wouldn't be useful.