1. Start by reviewing the data.gov home page. What is this?
	Free data resources published by the U.S. government. There is tools 	and resources to conduct research.
2. Go to Most Viewed Datasets. How many datasets are listed?
	402,370
3. Find the Topic Category for Human Health. Review the range of data sources
available for this topic. Why do you think these were tagged with the Human Health
category? 
	The data that was tagged contained information on human health. 	It varied from different topics from cosmetics to environment. 
4. Go to the Food Price Outlook. Review the catalog page for this dataset. How can you
navigate to additional datasets from the USDA?
	Click on the link and then click on highlight and interactive 	chart.
5. Go back to the data.gov home page. This time, click on Datasets by Organization.
6. Try searching for your city, county, and state. What organizations are returned?
	State of North Carolina
7. Search for USDA, and click into the result. Within the USDA datasets, search for food
composition. Notice that the top three results are all datasets concerning nutrition
information. Try searching the USDA page for nutrition. How does that affect your
results?
My results populated only PDF files.
a) One of the tricky things about working with data is that sometimes the terminology
used by a data source is not obvious. You may need to dig around and be creative
to find what you’re looking for.
8. Go back to the results for food composition, and click on FoodData Central. Review
the catalog page for this data source, then click on the button for Visit Page. Take
some time to explore the FoodData Central website.
a) Try searching for butter, or any of your favorite foods. What kind of results do you
get? What happens when you click on a result?
	I got 5 different results of better. It listed all components 	that's in the butter.  
b) Go back to the home page. Find Foundation Foods, and click on Downloads. What
kind of data can you find on this page? How big are these files? Where can you find
more information on the data types available?
	Food availability, and nutrient availability data. The files sizes vary anywhere 500kb to 10KB. You can scroll to the bottom of the page where it mentions file downloads. 
